README.md: Combining Algorithms to Find the Square Root
Overview
This project demonstrates a combined approach to finding the square root of a number using two different algorithms: Binary Search and Newton's Method. By combining these two algorithms, we can achieve a more efficient and accurate solution. The code applies Binary Search to narrow down the range and then refines the result with Newton's Method for greater precision.

Algorithm Explanation
1. Binary Search Phase:
This phase helps to narrow down the range of possible square root values for the input number.
If the input number x is greater than or equal to 1, the search range is set from 0 to x. If x is less than 1, the search range is set from x to 1.
The algorithm continually refines the mid-point of the current range until the difference between the high and low bounds is less than the defined precision.
2. Newton's Method Phase:
Once the Binary Search phase has found an approximate square root, Newton's Method is applied to further refine the guess.
This method iteratively improves the guess by averaging the current guess with the result of dividing x by the current guess. The iterations continue until the difference between the square of the guess and the input number is within the desired precision.
Project Structure
main.c: The main C program that implements the combined approach to calculating the square root.
README.md: Provides details about the project and algorithm implementation.
Features
Handles both numbers greater than or less than 1.
Provides efficient computation with a combination of Binary Search and Newton's Method.
Supports precision control by allowing the user to specify a tolerance level.
Handles edge cases, such as negative input numbers.
How to Run
Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone <repository-url>
cd <repository-directory>
Compile the program: Use the following command to compile the C program:

bash
Copy code
gcc main.c -o sqrt_combined
Run the program: After compiling, run the executable:

bash
Copy code
./sqrt_combined
Input: Enter a positive number for which you want to find the square root.

Example Usage
bash
Copy code
please enter the number to find the square root : 16
The square root of 16.000000 is 4.000000
bash
Copy code
please enter the number to find the square root : 0.25
The square root of 0.250000 is 0.500000
Code Walkthrough
Key Functions:
combined_sqrt(double x, double precision):

Combines both Binary Search and Newton's Method to compute the square root of a number x with the specified precision.
Binary Search is used to narrow down the guess, and Newton's Method is applied for fine-tuning.
main():

Takes user input for the number and calls the combined_sqrt function to calculate the square root.
Precision
The precision of the square root calculation can be controlled by adjusting the precision parameter. The default precision is set to 0.0001, but this can be modified based on requirements.

Edge Cases
Negative Input: The program checks for negative input and displays an error message since negative numbers do not have real square roots.
License
This project is licensed under the MIT License.


